---
title: "Frequency-Diverse Metamaterial Cavity Antenna for Microwave Coincidence Imaging"
collection: publications
category: manuscripts
permalink: /publication/Journal-paper-11
excerpt: ''
date: 2021-04-15
venue: 'IEEE Antennas and Wireless Propagation Letters'
paperurl: 'https://doi.org/10.1109/LAWP.2021.3073679'
---

A frequency-diverse metamaterial cavity antenna (FDMCA) that can be used for the microwave coincidence imaging is proposed in this letter. The proposed FDMCA is a slot antenna array excited by a metamaterial-based cavity, which can generate diverse radiation patterns at different frequencies. The average electric-field variation (AEV) is introduced to forecast the correlation coefficients of radiation patterns generated by the antenna. The lower the correlation coefficients are, the better the quality of the reconstructed image is. To verify the validity of the AEV and the superiority of the FDMCA, a disordered-structure-based cavity antenna (DSCA) and a lumpy-floor-based cavity antenna (LFCA) are also presented for comparison. Performances of the FDMCA, including the reflection coefficient, the radiation efficiency, and the correlation coefficients, are evaluated too. Microwave coincidence imaging experiments using the DSCA, LFCA, and FDMCA are carried out under the same condition and the target image can be reconstructed with high quality. The comparison of different imaging results illustrates the feasibility and superiority of the FDMCA. All results are validated through the simulations and measurements.

Citation: **M. Zhao**, S. Zhu, H. Huang, D. Hu, X. Chen, J. Chen and A. Zhang, &quot;Frequency–polarization sensitive metasurface antenna for coincidence imaging,&quot; <i>IEEE Antennas Wireless Propag. Lett.</i>. vol. 20, no. 6, pp. 1103-1107, Jun. 2021.
